So now I'm going to implement the edit feature.
So for that, we're going to use a model that should look something like this and where we can to populate
the leaked category and we allow the admin to update.
So before we work on the front end, let's quickly work on the back end, create the root and controller
function, and then we're going to continue here.
All right, so let's go to server roots category.
So here to update, we can copy this from based here to this to put it's going to be object.
So for update we use the boot method.
So category that slug we can send the.
That way we can identify which category to update.
Right.
And here we can apply that middleware.
We can apply these add new are removed categories.
Let's send this to update.
All right, so let's copy this from put here.
I guess let's go to the category control and create that function.
Export cones of that category equals to async requests.
Response.
Try.
Kids and their cousins look.
What we want to do is we want to find the category based on the request program slogan, just like we
did during Create.
All right.
So let me just use this code.
So we this stops a slug from the params, which is right here, just like we did in the delete.
We get the category name from the request body so we can distribute to that as well.
So we can send the name and.
And we find the category to this method.
As you can see, it doesn't just find it finds an update.
I'd say it's pretty awesome dysfunction.
Find one and update.
So when you say find one an object, you first give the argument based on which we can find the category.
So you can see this function.
Find on an object has three arguments, I guess.
So the first one is the slope so fine by the slope.
So that's the first one.
And once it is found, what do you want to do?
We want to update something, right.
So that's what we're doing here.
The second element is the data that you want to update first defined by the slug, and then you give
the data that needs to update.
So in our case, it's the name that need to update.
Right?
And then slug also your content.
So that's going to be slug ified the name.
So whatever name it is based on that, if the name had sense, then the slug will also tense.
Right.
And then our argument is optional.
It's new to.
So if you use this, this will make sure that when you send the this in response of this category this
newly a new update the name which has been just synced.
Right.
So that synced data will be sent.
Now, if you didn't use that, then it will save the update in the database.
But this response will still be the old one.
All right.
So make sure to use new true if you want to send the updated data to the backend.
So do the front end as a response.
Right.
So this is pretty much all we need to do.
If we need to make any change or if there's an issue, we will come back.
Otherwise, we're done in the backend.
Now we can go to the front end.
Is admin getting this index and here we can use a model where we can so the form for user to update.
The category.
Now let's quickly write a function on click.
Just like we did with handle delete.
This time we want to.
Handle it.
Now, before we actually work on the edit, we have to do two things.
Um, let me handle it.
And give the item.
And you said, let me clear this function.
Let me just put it right here.
Konst handled it.
Async requests
the response.
I'm so sorry.
I think it's getting be too late and I'm getting beat.
Confused.
So I think it certainly was stressful to be a it in the back and we here in the front line actually
we're not going to make a request to back into it because before we do that, we have to do a few things
and that is we have to put the this category that we are currently embedding.
As you can see, we have a list of categories.
So whichever has been clicked.
So that category first we want to put in the state.
Right.
So that way, once you have it in the state, then from the state, you can so that in a model like
this.
So when I clicked on Mark, you can see I put that category in the state and then from this from the
state I can grab that category value and put in the object.
From here you can see like that.
So before we make any kind of request to back into update, we have to do something here.
So we have to put that updating category in the state.
And so the model.
Enthused.
The end is smaller, so let's continue that in the next video.